[Music]
what is up guys zack scott here playing
pokemon unite and today i'm gonna be
showcasing mr
mime he's uh kind of an intermediate
difficulty pokemon who's a melee
supporter class
and uh we're gonna take a look at his
moves really quick because i've been
reading i've been reading some tier
lists and whatnot and it seems like he's
all over the place people have different
ideas of what uh kind of pokemon he
might be
and then uh if you take a look you know
he has fake out that can become
confusion or psychic
confusion attacks straight in front of
the user dealing damage to opposing
pokemon and shoving it
uh if an opposing pokemon shoved by this
move hits an obstacle it receives
increased damage from this move and is
left unable to act if the opposing
pokemon is currently
guard swapped it is not shoved but
receives increased damage from this move
and is left left what left uh
unable to act for a short time so hmm
okay well let's think about that psychic
uh
let's see psychic centers one
telekinetic blast on each user any guard
swapped opposing pokemon
and any light screen or barrier walls
created by the user
damaging all opposing pokemon caught in
the blast and lowering the special
defense for a short time
um okay so
so the thing is is both of these kind of
rely on guard swapping and if you take a
look at the
uh this right here guard swap is is is a
debuff here that he can get so i think
i'm going to want to use guard swap
normally rather than the barrier
although i probably use the barrier in
like a different round
i can create a translucent wall uh that
kind of blocks them from going through
uh guard swap is what you know will
trigger the the better
versions of these moves over here and so
i'm gonna want to probably use that so
swaps users defense and special defense
stats but those of another pokemon for a
short time when it hits
stopping with imposing pokemon deals at
damage over time and increases its
movement speed so what i'm gonna want to
do is probably hit him with guard swap
and then hit him with something else
probably confusion um so i'll try it
unite move showtime has the user jump to
the designated location
and start a pantomiming performance
dealing damage over time to opposing
pokemon in the area of effect
anyway so we'll try that out we'll see
what he what he's like
uh let's go in first actually let's go
ahead and set up his items because
uh let's take a look at the held items
that he's gonna have
uh so this is fine i think i do want to
do experience chair
can i upgrade it or is it two no i don't
have enough
experience share and buddy barrier
um just kind of like
the other pokemon you know what i mean
the uh
whoever i used last episode held the
goss
that's who it was and then you know here
maybe i want to use shell bell uh or
scope lens
that's the basic attack muscle band is a
basic attack again why is that's a
special attack i don't know
let's go with the um let's go with the
shell bell
so i'll use these three and just to see
how they do i don't know if this is like
a great build or what
a lot of people have different opinions
about him anyway let's play
all right so i'm the only mr mime and
he's a support character so i'm going to
go i chose the bottom row that's what it
said was recommended
so i'll go to the bottom for now and see
what's up and then uh
yeah i'm just gonna try to remember oh
that was a good hit
i'm just gonna try to remember to uh do
that that move takes a while to recharge
[Music]
i'm gonna try to remember to you know do
the guard swap
[Music]
all right that was something
and i imagine i'm gonna be on defense
for a little while
that was nothing okay here we go
i really do want to get these leveled up
pretty soon
so i guess i would probably want to do
that barrier and then hit them into the
barrier maybe
i don't really know let's see so barrier
then boom
slam him into the barrier okay so here i
am waiting i'm waiting with him
uh confusion is what we want to learn
first i think
i mean they're waiting for us aren't
they they can totally see us right
wow let's put a wall up there i don't
know what i'm doing
i mean i'm here to help support you know
what i mean like if we're gonna do it
let's do it
here we go well oh dang he got out of
the way
okay he's he's gonna be yeah yep yep
get out of here please i pushed him away
so the pushing away is actually pretty
useful
i'm going to need to grab a heel though
before we move on
and i think i'm getting just casual xp
upgrade from this
special item here
[Music]
great here i'm trying i'm trying here we
go
just i mean we're not going to win this
and let you got to back up my dude
this is uh this isn't great i'm at the
bottom row zero aura is here now finally
so maybe this will help
okay here we go here we go
okay there's another zero aura okay yeah
i need to leave
wow okay so we were all pretty injured i
don't know what kind of support i'm
actually
providing because i don't have my my
guard swap yeah i need to do guard swap
and then confusion that's what it needs
to happen next guard swap and then
confusion
uh oh uh oh oh oh oh get him out of
there
there we go there we go there we go he
tried to he tried to make that
[Music]
was not possible though
okay yeah i i'm i'm not great here oh
geez
i need to back up dude they're coming
for me help
get out get out
i'm just gonna have to be here waiting
man i'm ready to score
this is a tough fight man this is a
tough fight indeed i'm ready i'm ready
let's do whatever we must do
i'm ready to fight i can't get close
enough to these guys man
there we go we got one there we go maybe
even two so guard swaps is what i want
so guard swap and then confusion
so here we go guard swap mist but i can
still hit him with confusion
okay i need to leave oh man he grabbed
me how did he freaking grab me
i so i already got out of the way and he
like grabbed me from a distance that's
not cool man that's not even
seeming possible do we literally we have
an afk is that the reason why we're
losing
i can't believe we have an afk that's
just horrible
horrible very rude
all right guard swap dang it's freaking
kite
oh my god guard swap confusion
i'm just gonna wait here man
is that him this is one of the guys
so this is bad because
okay i just have to heal man i i can't
do these one-on-one fights we need
people here but we have an afk which is
just
awful absolutely awful
that we have an afk uh
if we end up winning this with this afk
i mean it's gonna be a miracle
look i'm like pantomiming against this
right here
i don't know what to do everyone else is
at top
[Music]
oh dude dude dude dude
dang it dude he grabbed me
dude yeah they're trying we're really
struggling i'm struggling down here dude
dude no i grabbed him away
dang no
i don't know what to do man i'm doing
everything i can
here i need i need backup dude
if i can score no no no no no no
dang it he picked me up again
that was a good hit dude i just killed
him with mr mime
okay i need to score dude if i can score
that'll be amazing
just make it just make it just make it
just make it scored
there you go
oh man
okay i did not use that correctly but
that's okay
guard swap confusion
guard swap confusion oh man he grabbed
me
dude i blame the fact that we have afk
they shouldn't even allow this
but i think i'm defending the zone
relatively well
i think they're coming up here dude that
didn't even do anything
i'm just trying so hard dude i got one
oh we got one as a team
i need this
that was good though right i mean
seemingly pretty good
i mean come on i'm support roll
i had to leave i had to leave i'm almost
dead i
can't i can't tolerate it man
we're struggling to keep up i know but
dude how did he do that
dang dude i couldn't do it he's higher
level than me for sure
he's going to score now and destroy the
goal because no one's here at the bottom
but also
also even afk so i can't blame him maybe
what we could do is we could super jump
this way maybe i could maybe start
going sticking with the whole team maybe
that's what we need to do here
there you go right no no i'm getting
hurt real bad
oh my god wow
oh man
yeah i know i know dude they're all here
i this guy's three on one how do i i
feel like if we just had this stupid
afk person playing the game we would be
winning i'm so mad
like why even start the game if they're
going to be fk that oh man
afk the whole time they should have a
bot takeover
it's pathetic it's pathetic that this
person is level
9 not doing anything
they scored of course they scored
because we can't do anything about it
whatever man he's gonna go up there the
only hope that we really have is to
somehow
this is somehow take out this guy
did we get it we were really struggling
but
let's go let's go oh man i'm so stuck
dude we cannot even score are you
kidding me
why why did you target that thing are
you joking kidding me right now
absolutely pathetic it's i mean
i don't even know why i'm taking this
around seriously because we have an afk
but at least we're learning about
how his abilities work
and i'm gonna do much better next round
so so long that we have a full team
because we just weren't able to get in
there and score
i hate this
i blame this person
this is ridiculously dumb man we just
there's no way we can go about doing
this we have 10 seconds
this move is so good like he's like
halfway damaged with that move
right
[Music]
it's like an instant like halfway damage
you know what i mean which is a really
good ability
we did so well for being down one person
[Music]
so i'm gonna give it another shot who
cares about that round right let's give
another shot let's do it
i'm bound to hit level 13 today let's
have some fun
all right here we go i'm going to give
this another shot hopefully we have a
full team this time so that
you know this actually feels good and
that we can do a good job
but if not you know i'm going to do my
best anyway
[Music]
so it looks like i got this guy going on
the bottom course with me so
boom there you go
boom clap attack right there right
so i got my light screen my fake out so
light screen fake out so does it do any
extra damage if he hits this wall i
don't even know
but i'm here down here just uh waiting
to do what we do best
there you go so i'm going to be
defending this gold zone
hey there's a guy already hold on hold
on so we
you know before we get into a
conversation i need to follow this guy
around because this guy
let's go and get it there you go i'll
take confusion again
and then i will take uh here we go
all right hold on i can
alright so this is kind of bad because i
don't know what what's happening
okay he backed away from that
okay i'm gonna be down here maybe i
don't know
[Music]
oh
get out of here guys you don't want to
be here
no how did ridiculous
but this is interesting because
all right get out of here dude i need
someone down here man
i can't be the only one down here
no no no no get him out
all right good good good now maybe we
can score
oof that was a heavy hit
oh man i am gonna die oh no
dang it where'd the other guy go did he
die too
oh my gosh okay well
at least we have everyone playing and so
that's uh all we can really ask for
i need to score as soon as we can also
get dreadnought probably
there you go that's a good hit that's a
good hit right there that's a good hit
let's take it let's just let's just move
with it you know what i mean
and i'm going to get guard swap and then
i'm going to be this is going to be
where i become really good
here hold on hold on guard swap lights
whatever i'm going to try to score
scored right in front of him
boom yes got him
okay so here's here's a problem
he's stunned get him i'm gonna i'm gonna
keep focusing on this
dude nice
we're dunking it dude we are destroying
it hold on guard swap
and just like kind of blast him out of
the way maybe
got one this guy's about to ruin me
though so i'm gonna go down here
got him dude we got it look at that look
at that
all right that was awesome
uh you okay you're gonna get that too
fine
there you go he's down for the how do
you heal probably a move
of some sort he's trying to
is he trying to score he has 12. he's
dead good move
right
all right this is great man we are we're
doing it we're doing it
all right and then this guy's gonna be
over here messing with us right here we
go here he is
get out of here oh my gosh nope what the
heck what the heck
okay i needed to back up out of there
i'm glad i did
all right we're i think we're putting
our best foot forward
uh let's i guess i use my unite move
here i don't know
i'm gonna try to get him
how are we struggling to keep up man i'm
doing great down here
i'm i'm fighting this guy hopefully
i'm just going for it man
help me
i basically got it myself so let's go
let's go we gotta score this
we gotta score this i gotta score this
at least oh man there's like two people
down there
that was good right right
oof blast him out of there nope didn't
work
dude we knocked him i gotta get over
here really quick
time to score
there you go destroyed how are we
struggling here i don't i don't believe
we're struggling i don't believe it for
a second
that confusion plus plus
look at that hit that was such a strong
hit dude i'm doing great
uh one of our goals got destroyed though
so up up top you know there's a problem
here we're all together which is
interesting but uh
[Music]
uh who do i yeah they're in our main
goal you kidding
me right now we left it undefended so
what can i say
if we can score some more that would be
wonderful
here they are up here
so we're destroying the rotum
and then now we can score right
dunked on it okay i i oh i mean
i i don't mind traveling with everyone
but
[Music]
there we go there we go hold on this
guard swap confusion business is really
interesting
i don't have anything to score but we
are scoring so that's good
i'm just hanging out dude
[Music]
okay i'm taking some beatings though
[Applause]
okay i'm i'm out i'm dead i'm so dead
okay
get out of here dude i just had to stun
him oh oh he's almost got me
we're in the lead thankfully i can heal
here
uh so zapdos zapdos oh man i don't have
hardly anything i gotta heal
okay maybe i just got to go for it man
because they're they're in the they're
in the fight right now
here we go i'm gonna use my unite move
all right guard swap again a better one
that was good i need to probably uh
heal or something or no there you go
we're in the final stretch and we're
getting it
i like i like that it can kind of push
people away that's pretty cool
and we are just scoring and scoring this
is wonderful
what a goal
dude
i'm trying i'm trying to spam guard swap
dude we got it
let's score
wow absolutely crushing them dude wow
but they are they're also scoring two i
think so keep the pressure on that's
what we're trying to do here
got him i don't really have any orbs for
this
[Music]
a lot of us are kind of dead
yep i'm dead so i won't be back until
after the round's over so
but i think we did pretty good that
round and if so that means uh
i'm happy about it i'm pretty after this
configuration as well
i can't really imagine not using the
guard swap confusion attack you know
what i mean i guess i could try the
guard swap psychic attack
see how that goes i hope he won
that was a big victory okay
so i know that another daily that we can
do is like a quick play or a quick match
or whatever
probably one of the other daily
challenges here but i'm trying to hit
level 13.
i did i had 75 i didn't do too bad
how'd i do i felt like i did pretty good
we're back to expert class one
uh i guess we were yeah level 13. that's
good because next
uh next episode then i could showcase
another character that i was
that unlocks uh let's return the main
menu and check out what we got
uh so just really quick
i know that we look up here yeah we get
this uh smoke
not sure what it does uh but then also
uh yeah we need to do a quick battle so
let's do that then we'll cash in
everything
i think we'll we'll be pretty excited
about it
all right so mr mime again i'm gonna try
the guard swap psychic
combo this time instead of uh instead of
the other one
although the other one was pretty cool
we'll see how this works out here we go
what else here we go i'm gonna
i'm just gonna give this one myself
there we go we can learn light screen
now now light screen i mean we're gonna
level up pretty quickly here
i imagine
psychic
oh my god okay that was a little rough
so yeah i still have i need to get we
need to get leveled up here
that seemed pretty interesting
there you go guard swap
it's another psychic move
all right this is this is tough because
i need to guard swap them and then
psychic him
i don't think that worked but that was
uh you know decent enough
uh i need to score those zapdos is
already here
so i hit him again
[Music]
uh guard swapping i'm trying here guard
swap psychic
yeah i don't know man it just doesn't it
does not as powerful as i'm expecting it
to be you know what i mean
any berries around here there we go
so i'm trying to score i'm trying to get
in there
so guard swap psychic
boom he like exploded in my arms so he's
right here
let's get him let's get him we're right
here
[Music]
there you go there you go there you go
right can i score
i have 26
dunk it dude
all right they're now defenseless oh did
we defeat zapdos
dude awesome i just we're in the lead
there we go
i should have guard swapped on then did
psychic blast but that's okay
i mean it's i guess it's a good hit i
don't know i can't tell
uh let's see if i can score again i i
got like a little sliver of time left to
just dunk in nine of them right
and it becomes nine okay i thought it
was gonna be a little more that's okay
psychic a little extra psychic blast
here
there he goes just evaporated right
there
boom he's just he just disappears oh boy
oh boy oh boy oh boy boom that's a good
hit right
he's dead dead too good another zapdos
maybe here we go
i'm trying here we have a huge lead i
love it all right now
one thing is
i am stuck okay yep i knew it i knew it
he was ranged i tried to get out of his
way but i didn't
i don't want them to beat zapdos dude
they're gonna be zapdos
they're gonna be zapdos hello okay well
that's okay uh let's go super jump up to
here
he's scoring right now isn't a he
[Applause]
no no no oh my god
yeah it's two on one i need to be
sticking with my team but i went up
there to help defend
uh this is rough
another goal zone got destroyed we're
still in the lead
i think
this counts as fighting him right i mean
come on
hey there i got him right there right
there we go good move good move all
around
uh let's see if we can score some i'm
gonna get this so i have better movement
uh i don't know that it's such a good
idea to try to defeat
there you go there you go that was a
good move
[Music]
i need to score if i can
i think i can
yeah i couldn't do it i don't think i
could do it
but uh oh we barely won that
i should have scored so that was fun
i don't know what to make of it but that
was fun
i i did pretty good 72 i beat all their
team
[Music]
all right so uh let's go to the main
menu now and see what we've unlocked for
being level 13.
i know that we have the events thing uh
the daily missions we can catch all of
these in
get some cool rewards
and then we can also go down here we can
claim something here mercedes win two
battles
got some pants intense battle training
uh that's pretty cool
i don't i haven't seen this is a new
event i guess
anything else uh battle pass wise we can
go over uh missions we've done like four
new missions
[Music]
these are dailies in week threes
and then reward wise we can claim all
see what we get and
i've got a new shirt uh challenge so
this is where we get
everything done finally claim that we
got a
vest of some sort oh yeah don't forget
the boots
claim the boots gotta have those boots
i haven't customized my character at all
but more importantly we've gotten
uh this dude i'll showcase next week
this is
uh oh man how is his name
slipping my mind anyway you know who he
is
who is he crustle bustle what's his name
his name is krussel yeah kressel i got
it okay
so yeah we'll showcase crustal next
episode since we unlocked them we get
this method and we're still you know
kind of just doing episodes
trying to do it each day showcasing
these different pokemon we're running
out of pokemon to showcase though but
soon i'll have greninja unlocked as well
which is going to be the end of like the
day thing i think and what did i unlock
from the item box this is a when pokemon
is on combat grants a shield to nullify
special attack damage
interesting so thanks for watching
that's my little showcase of mr mime
hope you enjoyed it
i will see you next time for more i'm
zach scott subscribe
if you have not if you like this video
and want to help the channel grow all
you got to do is click the like button
below
thank you so much for watching you can
now join on youtube and become an
official member of zack scott games and
if you want cool shirts
like this visit zackscott.shop come back
next time for more
[Music]